Allow to disable generating documentation for functions with `#private` notation (#59)
metarhia/metadoc: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased][unreleased]

### Added

- Allow to disable generating documentation for functions with `#private`

>   notation. Documentation for such functions will not be generated by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  header in the documentation comment. Documentation for such functions will not be generated by default.
```
?
